PROG 1700 - ASSIGNMENT 2
DECISIONS AND FUNCTIONS

Assignment Value: 15% of overall course mark.
Due Date: See due date designated on the assignment dropbox on Brightspace.
Late submissions will receive the standard late submission penalty as stated in the course outline. (5% overall deduction per day late, until 60%, and 0% after assignment handed back to the class.)
Assignment Instructions: 
Use Visual Studio Code to create console applications (.js files) in which you’ll code the answer for each of the following problems. You must create a new .js file for each question in this assignment.
Submissions: 
You will submit your work for this assignment via Brightspace. All required files should be included in a single folder. You must then zip the folder and submit that single zip file to the Brightspace assignment folder. Do not email your assignment. Assignments must be handed in through Brightspace. 
You can hand in assignments early and, later, hand in updated versions. I will always correct the contents of the final zip file uploaded before the deadline.
Evaluation:
To ensure the greatest chance of success on this assignment, be sure to check the marking rubric contained at the end of this document or in Brightspace. The rubric contains the criteria your instructor will be assessing when marking your assignment.
 
Program 1 – Landscape Calculator 
A landscaping company needs a program that computes the price of landscaping for a new housing development. Work orders are based on: address, plot length and width in feet, type of grass (“fescue”, “bentgrass” or “campus”), and number of trees. The price is computed as follows:  
•	There is a base labour charge of $1000. 
•	If the surface (length * width) is over 5000 square feet, add $500. 
•	The cost is calculated per square foot. If the grass is “fescue” the cost is $0.05; for “bentgrass” it is $0.02; “campus” is $0.01. 
•	Each tree requested has a $100 charge. 
First, create a flowchart that clearly shows all the paths of execution that will exist within your designed solution to this problem. Write a console application that will input the address, property length and width, type of grass and number of trees, and then output the corresponding price.
Your solution must contain examples demonstrating your understanding of appropriate use of functions and core assignment concepts (decision structures).
EXAMPLES AND TESTING 
In the section below you will be presented with at least one screenshot of a successful execution of a sample solution to the program, which should help demonstrate how your input/output on the program should work. In addition to the sample values used in the screenshot(s), additional testing values are given in a chart along with the output values that they should produce. You can expect your instructor to grade your assignment by using all of these listed input values at the very least, but keep in mind that additional values may also be used as well. In other words, you should thoroughly test your code before submitting! 
 
Sample Output - Make sure your program can output data exactly as shown below. 
Enter House Number: 439 
Enter property depth (feet): 100 
Enter property width (feet): 50 
Enter type of grass (fescue, bentgrass, campus): fescue 
Enter the number of trees: 2 
Total cost for house 439 is: $1450.00 
 
Other testing values; 
House Number 	Depth 	Width 	Type 	No. of Trees 	Total Cost 
55 	150 	40 	bentgrass 	0 	$1620.00 
10 	75 	51 	campus 	1 	$1138.25 

 
